Update README.md to point to tutorials deployment instructions (#1403)
Qiskit/documentation: README.md

# Qiskit docs

> The documentation content home for [https://docs.quantum.ibm.com](https://docs.quantum.ibm.com) (excluding API reference).

Reviewer: Shouldn't be necessary. It already gets detected as a link.

You can preview the docs locally by following these two steps:

1. Ensure Docker is running. For example, open Rancher Desktop.

> 2. Run `./start` in your terminal, and open `http://localhost:3000` in your browser.

Reviewer: Why? It's useful that you could click the link

## Staging

> We also re-deploy the docs every time we merge into `main` at the site `https://qiskit-docs-preview-staging.1799mxdls7qz.us-south.codeengine.appdomain.cloud`.

Reviewer: Ditto, why? It's useful to click the link

This is useful when new docs content is published, usually corresponding to new releases or hotfixes for content issues. If you're generating a patch release, also see the below subsection for additional steps.

1. Choose which documentation you want to generate (`qiskit`, `qiskit-ibm-provider`, `qiskit-ibm-runtime`, or `qiskit-transpiler-service`) and its version.

> 2. Determine the full version, such as by looking at <https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit/releases>

Reviewer: Why? ditto the other links

  textconv = sh -c 'sphobjinv convert plain "$0" -'
```

## How to deploy docs

> ### Docs (content that lives on IBM Quantum Platform)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Docs (content that lives on docs.quantum.ibm.com)
```

See [https://github.ibm.com/IBM-Q-Software/iqp-channel-docs#syncing-content-with-open-source-repo](https://github.ibm.com/IBM-Q-Software/iqp-channel-docs#syncing-content-with-open-source-repo).

> ### Tutorials (content that lives on the Learning Platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Tutorials (content that lives on the learning.quantum.ibm.com)
```

Refer to the [Common Markdown syntax](https://commonmark.org/) for a primer on Markdown. The below guide focuses on the other features you can use when writing docs.

> If you need to deploy a tutorial on the Learning Platform, see the instructions in the [tutorials directory README](https://github.com/Qiskit/documentation/blob/main/tutorials/README.md).

Author: ```suggestion
If you need to deploy an open-access tutorial on the Learning Platform, see the instructions in the [tutorials directory README](https://github.com/Qiskit/documentation/blob/main/tutorials/README.md).
```

> If you need to deploy a file from the `/tutorials/` directory to the Learning Platform, see the instructions in the [tutorials directory README](https://github.com/Qiskit/documentation/blob/main/tutorials/README.md).

Reviewer: What about instead having a new section `## How to deploy docs` before `# How to write the documentation`? For normal docs, it links to https://github.ibm.com/IBM-Q-Software/iqp-channel-docs#syncing-content-with-open-source-repo. For tutorials, it has what you wrote

Author: Sounds good!
